# FootballGame-ML

## Start

For now, the project is only usable in a Linux environment.
We are looking for solutions on how to make the project usable on macOS and Windows.

To start the web server, you need to use the following commmand while in the **/app** folder : 
```
npm run start
```

Note - NodeJS is needed in order to make the project runnable. If needed, you can install NodeJS at the following address :
```
https://nodejs.org/en/download/
```

A RabbitMQ server is also needed for Celery. You can start and enable a server with the following commands :
```
sudo systemctl enable rabbitmq-server
sudo systemctl start rabbitmq-server
```

To check if rabbitmq is running smoothly, you should get "(status : running)" when running the following command :
```
sudo systemctl status rabbitmq-server
```

Note - RabbitMQ is needed in order to make the project runnable. If needed, you can install RabbitMQ at the following address :
```
https://www.rabbitmq.com/download.html
```

Note - With **erlang**, you can go on "localhost:15672" to open the RabbitMQ Management panel.

You can now run a Celery server using the command shown below :
```
celery -A <File-Contain-Celery-App> worker -l info
```

## Datasets structures

2 Datasets:
 - Users
 - Orders

### Users

This MongoDB dataset registers all of the party IDs for every user registered.

For each element, we save :
 - name
 - email
 - password
 - iDlogs : lists of all party IDs
 - id ( generated by MongoDB )
  
### Orders

The MongoDB dataset registers all orders from all the players.

For each element, we save :
- userID 
- ballCoord
- redCoords ( position (x,y) for every red player )
- blueCoords ( osition (x,y) for every blue player )
- score
- ActualPlayer : The position of the player who the order is destinate
- order
- id ( generated by MongoDB )

### Contributors
  - KRISNI Almehdi ( https://github.com/almehdiKrisni )
  - ARICHANDRA Santhos ( project owner )

### GoogleDocs link towards the project development logs file
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1euuWMVE371zk5M_5zQL6HjjZD1EbQyiXrzJFteEHmKI/edit?usp=sharing
